Extend procedures Amazon EC2 (#1461)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_deleting-a-vm-on-amazon-ec2.adoc

> [id="Deleting_a_VM_on_Amazon_EC2_{context}"]
> = Deleting a VM on Amazon EC2
> 
> You can delete VMs running on Amazon EC2 from within {Project}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="Deleting_a_Virtual_Machine_on_Amazon_EC2_{context}"]
= Deleting a Virtual Machine on Amazon EC2

You can delete virtual machines running on Amazon EC2 from within {Project}.
```

Author: Applied.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Infrastructure > Compute Resources*.
. Select your Amazon EC2 provider.
. On the *Virtual Machines* tab, click *Delete* from the *Actions* menu.
This deletes the virtual machine from the Amazon EC2 compute resource while retaining any associated hosts within {Project}.

> If you want to delete the orphaned host, navigate to *Hosts > All Hosts* and delete the host manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to delete an orphaned host, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts* and delete the host manually.
```
Is this orphaned host specific or could there be multiple instances?

Author: no, could be multiple. Applied.
